before we began lemons start by saying
if you ever wondered what it would look
like if a Francis Ford Coppola film had
a lovechild with a Hitchcock film and
then said love child came out a little
slow
that's this booth style survived over
today ah some woman who played a
rancher's wife in a movie that starred
Marlon Brando that's gotta count for
something
some guy who was in - John Wayne films
and Elvis movie getting worse but still
gotta count for something
oh there you go he was Vincent prices
friend and the mask of the Red Death
that's a big deal
all right enough dropping names play our
store begins late one night with this
lovely married couple John and Louise
taking a romantic boat ride together
when Louise recommends that they talk
John's mother into changing her will
because Mama's wanting to leave all the
family's money to charity in the name of
John's dead sister Kathleen because
she's bachelor crazy
this gets John all in a tizzy so he
starts rowing too hard and Louise offers
to row for him because of his bad heart
and John says you only trying to be nice
to me because you know if I die before
my mom puts you in the will you're just
gonna be some broken blonde looking for
a handout and conveniently enough as
he's saying this he plops over Stas
having a heart attack right down the
decadent ingot Louise loosened John's
pocket for his bottle of magical in case
of heart-attack pills but she says his
empty you idiot so John croaks and then
she just starts slapping the [ __ ] out of
him I've always heard that the best way
to go was in the company of loved ones
in a moment of widow desperation Louise
throws his body overboard and is like
and takeo Elvis Presley ripoff music
with you I hope Coppola never reused the
same Lakes fulfillment afraid all gonna
be joining that fall in a few years so
in an attempt to keep from becoming some
broke blonde just looking for a handout
louise writes a letter to John's mother
saying he's away on business and that
louise is coming to visit the family
council after which she gathers up all
the SH she knows John would take on a
business trip oh don't forget the
newspaper with the $40,000 in it no but
I mean Louise and she throws it all in
the lake where John is sleeping with the
fishes
well the laser wasn't a swamp a little
while later louise is having a lovely
dinner with the inlaws mama
Richard Billie and Richard's fiance Kane
and while they're all sitting there
Louise learns the Kathleen dad buying
capability to grow Gail's Billy did it
and every year mama repeats the damn
funeral because she's been crazy so the
next day they repeat the damn funeral
and just like every year mama faints
because she's been crazy and Richard and
villagers sit there like saw that coming
so Louise carries Mama's bet crazy it's
up to her room and she stops screwing
with the old lady
I hear Kathleen talking to men what's he
saying
she keeps saying to change that damn
will you bet crazy a bit we just have to
wait for signing what side I'll let you
know once I finish setting it up so
Louise is just like no bigot I'll just
pop in the Kathleen's old room grab some
of our old toys Oh tip you Jesus Christ
ain't go lied that one got me where was
I all right grab some of her old toys
tied him to this wrench take them down
to the bottom of the pond so tomorrow
they'll float to the surface and a very
spooky way magically change the color of
my underwear when I go into the pond see
the cups of my dead sister-in-law freak
the [ __ ] out and almost lose my Fig
Newtons and get killed by some
silhouetted Jason ball he's Burton axe
murderer is Billy and died something
tells me that wasn't her original plan
hmm
the leading actress dang halfway through
the movie
I wonder why nobody had thought of that
yet here comes the good family doctor
Caleb to try and straighten these
people's problems out he probably could
have fixed them all years ago but that's
not an effective way to stay in business
so thanks to Louise the dolls that she
put at the bottom of the pond float to
the surface right in the middle of
breakfast because nothing progresses a
plot like convenience and while he's
getting all the dolls out of the pond
Billy who killed Kathleen has a
flashback to staring at the pond as a
child you know after he killed Kathleen
later that night a local poacher named
Simon gets his damn head cut off and the
only reason I told y'all about this
scene is because I'm like getting to say
Billy did it meanwhile dr. caleb has the
pond drain because he thinks something
fishy is going on down there
[Music]
and while the pond is draining mama goes
out and gets attacked by that crazy fool
with the ax but survives leaving
everyone to wonder who did it I'm not
gonna say Billy did it
it Billy did the next day after the pond
is drained they see a stone shrine at
the bottom that says forgive me Kathleen
leaving everyone to wonder who made it
Oh Billy made it so Richard and kinda
like well a bunch of bad crazy happening
let's have our wedding you know what
let's just leave the wedding to stop the
honeymoon early and some itchy obtain at
this point the only one who's being
logical is dr. caleb who looks around in
their state and finds Louisa's dead body
and a wax figure of Kathleen
so while dick is trying to show Kane his
low Richard dr. caleb puts the wax
Kathleen front and figure in the middle
of the yard they all crowd around it
Billy attacks King with an X and dr.
Caleb shoots Billy and after Billy is
shot he has a flashback to when Kathleen
drowned he was just trying to wrestle
with a fork toy and then she fell in and
apparently she couldn't float and then
immediately after said flashback Billa
dated the moral of this story is was
more the story you should be willing to
give your life for your family because
it might just be your family that take
it
oh and Billy did it no and be sure to
LIKE share and subscribe for your
regular fix of meth you could expect me
to upload videos more regularly now that
I'm over the streptococcus in the
influenza stop for movies explained for
I'm jab ability to the dire good evening